Help;Inf
Application Description;"This application presents historical data about the United States Presidents. This application also provides a good example of the use of ""Semantic links"" in QlikView. Semantic links are utilized on the ""Presidents"" sheet to show the predecessor and successor to the currently selected President. For example: if you select Franklin Delano Roosevelt by clicking on this name in the ""Name"" listbox, you will see information on the 32nd US President. If you now click on Predecessor in the ""Relation"" Semantic listbox, you will see information on the 31st US President - Herbert Clark Hoover. To find all the US Presidents who came from New York State, click on the ""Origin"" field located in the ""Additional Information"" multibox, and then select NewYork."
Sheet Description - Chart;"The ""Chart"" sheet contains a pie chart showing number of Presidents by Party and by Origin.  A cycle button is present in the chart to allow changing between the two by-variables with a single click.  A multi box is also present so that other filters can be applied to the data used in the chart."
Sheet Description - Pivot Table;"The ""Pivot Table"" sheet is very similar to the chart sheet, but uses QlikView powerful pivot table to display the count of Presidents and percentage by Party and Origin.  Pivot table variable columns can be dragged to new locations in the table, changing the entire effect of the table.  Plus and minus signs are also available to allow selective expansion (drill-down) to discover new information in the table."
Sheet Description - Presidents;"The ""Presidents"" sheet contains all information for this example application. In addition to the listboxes, there is also a Multibox to show additional information on a particular selection - or to be used to search other fields not displayed in a listbox. There is also a Table Box located toward the bottom of this sheet that shows all information in a more traditional tabular format. The Table Box can be printed through an option on the float menu - right-click the mouse while it is over the Table Box and select Print... You may also select any value you see in this table by clicking on it. The default sort order is by Seq (Sequence of Presidential term). To change this, right-click on a column, and select ""Sort"" from the float menu."
Source Data;"The source data for this application is provided in two (2) comma separated value (csv) files located in the ""Presidents"" directory. The presdnts.csv file contains all information about each US President. The semorder.csv file contains Semantic link relationship information between each President and their predecessor and successor. These files are linked together via the ""Sequence"" field. (NOTE the use the of ALIAS statement in the load script to rename source fields)."
What to do next...;"View the ""Presidents"" sheet by clicking on the ""Presidents"" sheet tab located just above the main window."
